readme.md, before:

# Mossad Challenge

## Level 0:
### Parsing:
In order to extract the brainfuck code from the image I used tesseract:
```
tesseract level0_right.png stdout > level0_right.txt
tesseract level0_left.png stdout > level0_left.txt
```

### Processing:
Before running the code I had to replace the '—' character with '-':
```
sed -i -e 's/—/-/g' level0_right.txt
sed -i -e 's/—/-/g' level0_left.txt
```

### Running:
In order to run the brainfuck code I have used https://copy.sh/brainfuck/.

The out of the script in level_left.txt is:
xor-with-key

After running the script from level0_right.txt i got no output.
When looked into the memory dump there was the following data:
```
0000:  7A  46  5C  53  55  59  03  5A  41  03  06  01  zF\SUY.ZA...
```

### Solution:
To solve this all we need to do is find the key.
After some guesses I found out that the key is:
```
Israel-is-70
```
The result of XORing the memory and the key is:
```
35.205.32.11
```

## Leven 1:
Disclaimer: This level was not solve by me.
TODO: Explain every thing

To solve this challenge enter those links in the right order:
[First link](http://35.205.32.11/testProfilePng?u=aHR0cDovLzM1LjIwNS4zMi4xMS9sb2dpbi5waHA%2FdXNlcl9uYW1lPWFkbWluJTAwLnBuZw%3D%3D)
[Second link](http://35.205.32.11/testProfilePng?u=aHR0cDovLzM1LjIwNS4zMi4xMS9hZG1pbmlzdHJhdGlvbiUwMC5wbmc%3D)
[Third link](http://35.205.32.11/profilePics/administration)
[Final link](http://35.205.32.11/ch1_success)

Commit message:

Added start of the level 2 solution

readme.md, after:

# Mossad Challenge

## Level 0:
### Parsing:
In order to extract the brainfuck code from the image I used tesseract:
```
tesseract level0_right.png stdout > level0_right.txt
tesseract level0_left.png stdout > level0_left.txt
```

### Processing:
Before running the code I had to replace the '—' character with '-':
```
sed -i -e 's/—/-/g' level0_right.txt
sed -i -e 's/—/-/g' level0_left.txt
```

### Running:
In order to run the brainfuck code I have used https://copy.sh/brainfuck/.

The out of the script in level_left.txt is:
xor-with-key

After running the script from level0_right.txt i got no output.
When looked into the memory dump there was the following data:
```
0000:  7A  46  5C  53  55  59  03  5A  41  03  06  01  zF\SUY.ZA...
```

### Solution:
To solve this all we need to do is find the key.
After some guesses I found out that the key is:
```
Israel-is-70
```
The result of XORing the memory and the key is:
```
35.205.32.11
```

## Level 1:
Disclaimer: This level was not solve by me.
TODO: Explain every thing

To solve this challenge enter those links in the right order:
[First link](http://35.205.32.11/testProfilePng?u=aHR0cDovLzM1LjIwNS4zMi4xMS9sb2dpbi5waHA%2FdXNlcl9uYW1lPWFkbWluJTAwLnBuZw%3D%3D)
[Second link](http://35.205.32.11/testProfilePng?u=aHR0cDovLzM1LjIwNS4zMi4xMS9hZG1pbmlzdHJhdGlvbiUwMC5wbmc%3D)
[Third link](http://35.205.32.11/profilePics/administration)
[Final link](http://35.205.32.11/ch1_success)

## Level 2:
At the start of level 2 we get an ![unknown file](level_2/451d79109ac842ef92217932c0567761).  
We can figure out that this is a zip file by using [binwalk](https://github.com/ReFirmLabs/binwalk) or by recognizing the magic PK at the beginning of the file.  
After extracting the content from the zip we need to examine the ![pcap](level_2/pcap.pcap) file.

After examining the tcp streams in the pcap file we can see that there is a connection to 35.204.90.89 over port 5555.  
In this connection the server sends a string that looks like md5 as a challenge, and receives a response that looks like sha512.
I noticed that when reversing the md5 and the sha512 it resulted in two adjacent numbers.  
So for the a given challenge the response would be the sha512 of the md5 reverse + 1.  
I have created a ![python script](level_2/level2.py) which does the following:
1. Connects to the server
2. Receives the challenge
3. Reverses the md5 (challenge == md5)
4. Calculates the response by hashing using sha512 the reverse of the md5 + 1
5. Sends the response
6. Receives the authorization message
